[chore] Add functional test for OTLP metrics, traces collection and get the metrics,traces to supported Prometheus stack. (#1850)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator: CONTRIBUTING.md

The tests are located under `tests/e2e` and are written to be used with `kuttl`. Refer to their documentation to understand how tests are written.

### OpenShift End to End tests
To run the end-to-end tests written for OpenShift, you'll need a OpenShift cluster. 

To install the OpenTelemetry operator, please follow the instructions in  [Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM)](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#operator-lifecycle-manager-olm)

> Once the operator is installed, the tests can be executed with `make e2e-openshift`, which will call to the `e2e-openshift` target. Note that `kind` is disable for the TestSuite as the requirement is to use an OpenShift cluster for these test cases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the operator is installed, the tests can be executed using `make e2e-openshift`, which will call to the `e2e-openshift` target. Note that `kind` is disabled for the TestSuite as the requirement is to use an OpenShift cluster for these test cases.
```
